Learning objectives
Apply display CSS property to style a web page.
Explain inline, block, inline-block, and none display property values.

example:- 

Display:- It is used to specify how an element will align horizontally with respect to other adjacent elements.
-> property:value
(block, inline, inline-block, none)

Default Value is different for different elements.
-> For paragraph elements, the default display property value is block.
-> For anchor elements, the default display property value is inline.

-> Display:inline:- 
-----> An element starts beside the previous element, provided the previous element allows it to sit next to it and there is enough space.
-----> Width and Height Css properties have no effect

-> Display:block:- 
-----> An element always starts from a new line even if there is enough space next to the previous element.
-----> Takes the entire width available.

example:- css a{
    border: solid 1px black;
    display: block;
    width: 200px;
}

-> Display:inline-block:- 
-----> Element acquire properties of inline and block elements.

example:- a{
    border: solid 1px black;
    display: inline-block;
}

-> Display:none:- 
-----> used to hide the HTML elements from the users.

example:- a{
    border: solid 1px black;
    display:none;
    width: 200px;
}

-> Quiz
Q1. Which of the following statements is true with respect to display style property?
A. The display property is used to specify how an element will align horizontally with respect to other adjacent elements.
B. There are four main values: block, inline, inline-block and none.
C. The default value of display is different for different elements.

Answer:- All Selected
Explanation:- 
The display property is used to specify how an element will align horizontally with respect to other adjacent elements. There are four main values: block, inline, inline-block and none. The default value of display is different for different elements.

Q2. Which of the following is NOT true for elements with display: block?
A. An element with a display: block always starts from a new line.
B. An element with display: block never allows other elements to sit beside it, even if there is enough space for them.
C. We cannot set a width explicitly to an element with display: block.
D. By default, an element with display: block takes up the entire width available.

Answer:- C
Explanation:- We can explicitly set a width to an element with display: block.

Q3. Which of the following is NOT true for elements with display: inline?
A. An element with display: inline always starts from a new line.
B. An element with display: inline allows other elements to sit next to it, provided there is enough space for them.
C. We cannot set a width or height to an element with display: inline.
D. An element with display: inline takes only as much space as required.

Answer:- A
Explanation:- An element with display: inline starts beside the previous element, provided the previous element allows it to and there is enough space for this element.

Q4. Which of the following is NOT true for elements with display: inline-block?
A. An element with display: inline-block always starts next to the previous element, provided there is enough space for this element.
B. An element with display: inline-block never allows other elements to sit beside it, even if there is enough space for them.
C. We can set a width explicitly to an element with display: inline-block.
D. By default, an element with display: inline-block takes only as much space as required.

Answer:- B
Explanation:- An element with display: inline-block allows other elements to sit next to it, provided there is enough space for them.

Q5. Which of the following statements is true with respect to elements with display as none?
A. Elements with display value set as none are hidden.
B. The element does exist in the HTML, but is visually hidden from the users.
C. The element does not occupy any space as the next element takes its place.

Answer:- All Selected
Explanation:- 
An element with display: none is hidden. It does exist in the HTML, but is visually hidden from the users. It does not occupy any space as the next element takes its place.

