lesson=6 Inspect Element(Working With Inspect Element)
Learning Objectives
Explain the importance of the inspect element.
Explore various tabs present on the inspect element panel.
Edit the css code of any Web page and see how it affect the web page.

Inspect element
It is a browser integrated developer's tool that is present in almost all widely Used web browsers.

Quiz 1
Q1. Which of these gets downloaded on the browser when we open a website?
A. PHP
B. HTML+CSS
C. JS

Explanation
Answer:- B. HTML+CSS
A website has 3 parts: Look and feel (HTML + CSS), Data (MySQL), code to interact with the data (PHP)
HTML+CSS gets downloaded on the browser when we open a website.

Q2. Browser acts as Html and CSS______________
A. Complier
B. Editor
C. IDE
Explanation
Answer:- A. Complier
The browser acts like the compiler of HTML and CSS. Like GCC compiles a code written in C and produces the desired output, similarly the browser converts the HTML and CSS code that gets downloaded to its desired output.

Q3. The Change Made on a webpage using inspect element is permanent.
A. True
B. False
Explanation
Answer:- B. False
We can only change the code that gets downloaded on our browser and once we refresh it, we will get back the original website.

Q4. Which of these acts as a debugging tool for HTML and CSS?
A. Browser
B. Web server
C. Inspect element
D. View page source

Explanation
Answer:- C. Inspect element
Inspect element acts as a debugging tool for HTML and CSS.

Q5. Which of the following is possible to do via inspect element?
A. Add a new style property
B. Remove an existing style property
C. Edit the value of an existing style property
D. All of the above

Explanation
Answer:- D. All of the above
Using inspect element we can add a new style property, remove an existing style property, and edit the value of an existing style property.

Quiz 2
Q1. Which tab on inspect element on Google Chrome is used to inspect the HTML and CSS of a web page?
A. Elements
B. Console
C. Network
D. Sources

Explanation
Answer:- A. Elements
In Google Chrome, It is the Elements tab that is used to inspect the HTML and CSS of a web Page.

Q2. While inspecting elements on your browser, which component of the box model indicates which color?
Blue	:: Content
Green	:: Margin
Yellow	:: Padding	
Orange	:: Border

Answer:- 
Blue	:: Content
Green	:: Padding
Yellow	:: Border
Orange	:: Margin

Explanation
While inspecting elements on the browser, blue indicates content, green indicates padding, yellow indicates border, and orange indicates margin.

Q3. What does the computed sub-tab on the right hand side under the elements tab of the inspect element indicate?
A. We can edit the style properties under the computed tab.
B. It lists all the style properties that got applied on the selected element in an alphabetical order.
C. It gives us the option to choose different viewports / screen sizes.

Explanation
Answer:- B
It lists all the style properties that got applied on the selected element in an alphabetical order.

Q4. Which of the following is possible to do via inspect element?
A. We can edit content of any HTML element.
B. We can edit the values of any style property of any HTML element.
C. We can add a new style property to any HTML element.

Explanation
Answer:- All Selected
Via inspect element, we can edit content of any HTML element. We can even edit the values of any style property of any HTML element. And also add a new style property to any HTML element.

Q5. What does the marked area represent in the below image?
A.It indicates the file name along with the line number of the CSS file where the corresponding CSS code snippet is present.
B. It shows the CSS file name along with the number of errors the file has.
C. It indicates the CSS file name along with the total number of lines it contains.

Explanation
Answer:- A
The parked area indicates the file name along with the line number of the CSS file where the corresponding CSS code snippet is present.
